So now I need to make a little web,
I'm going to make some designs here so
it will look better.
And I think that you will get
the idea pretty quickly, so
first, I think these texts they
need a different font size.
So first, so but
before doing the font size,
I wanna show you something that
is actually pretty interesting.
We know that the typical joke in
CSS is how to center in CSS, right,
so centering text well with Flexbox
is simpler but it's always a shock.
How to center things here
there is a widget for that, so
for example we can take the column or
the text and
click on that little help and
select Rub with center.
Center is another widget
that receives one child.
And now there are center.
So everything is a widget [INAUDIBLE]
widget, so you can get really messy.
But at any time,
you can extract that into another widget.
In fact there is even an option
here saying, extract the widget.
And also we have, extract which are the
last one, we also have an option to remove
this which for example you say,
I don't want the center.
But you know what, I don't like it.
So then you remove the center,
but it's not just the center,
you need to remove the center and
then the child declaration and
then one parenthesis on the other side.
So instead of doing that,
you can click here and say,
remove this widget, and
it will do that for you.
So with flutter, we want to use
the tool as much as possible.
Okay, make sense?
It will make your life much easier.
So talking about the font sizes.
Okay, we already mentioned
that the text has a nine
argument Style that receives a text style.
Instead of creating a new
text style as I did before,
I can ask the theme, the material
theme for a previous style, okay?
So to do that you'll use
theme with capital T-OFF.
It receives a context that I
don't know exactly what it is but
it's an object representing where
you are in the widget tree.
And we received that here as an argument.
So we are going to pass
that to theme of like so,
and the theme has many things in such
as text theme, they have colors.
They have a lot of stuff that
you can use directly from here
instead of setting your own size manually.
Okay, makes sense?
So there are many things that
you can get from the theme.
If you wanna get it from here, okay,
it's up to you if you wanna write your own
theme, or you wanna take one of the themes
that you have here, for example,
you have headline one, this is h1.
It's actually really big.
Too much from my point of view but
you can say,
when a wonder how h5 looks better and
for the other one,
training coma remember
will make the trick.
The other text can also have
a style theme of context,
textile up, sorry,
with all the text theme,
headline six, training, and
now it's looking better though.
You want panning?
Well, I can take the center and
rub these with panning.
I can take the other center and
wrap this with panning.
Save now it's getting better, yeah.
>> So know when you're
adding these headline five,
it's still it's it's already
playing the default text theme,
right of your theme
>> Is not actually default.
This is actually what you asked me for,
like,
how can we create our own textiles and
reuse them?
This is kind of the way.
In this case, they are storing a theme and
you can replace those.
>> if you don't like, what is the theme?
If you look at the main Dart, the theme
declaration is actually here where it says
material app,
there is a theme declaration.
Can you see that?
So actually you can come here and
change for example, your themes.
So here texting you can actually
declare like global themes,
colors and declarations that you can
use anywhere in the widget tree.
Okay, makes sense?
So here instead of hard coding,
my own text size,
my own phone size,
I'm actually taking that from the theme.
They say global object
injector in the tree.